# What is this?

A react webapp, that displays game data from the NHL API.
The code is using a react frontend with a flask based backend.

Please,keep in mind that this project is not done but I'd it to be somewhere for my cv.

This porject will be updated soon.

## How do set it up?

First, I'd recommend using a virtual enviroment in order to install the requirements

```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

For the react part

```bash
npm install concurrently
npm install
```

As for setting up the database

````bash
cd ./src
python init.py
````

For the initial building of the database. This will take up some time. In future builds, the app will be deployed online and thus require no building.

If you want a peek at the webapp, take a look at https://react-shotbot.onrender.com.
If you want to do a small test, take a look at the deployment-test branch with a filled database.

## How can I use it?

As of this second, you have to start the backend and frontend seperately.

````bash
npm start
````

And

````bash
cd ./src
python app.py
````

## What can it do?

So far, display the generated Shotreports, generated by the shotbot, after choosing a team on the corresponding page.

## What will it be able to do?

Planned features are:

### Season event reports

I'll try to implement hovering overpoints to show additional Data.

### Player reports

Choose one player, the script will generate all the players statistics. Including untracked but calculated stats.

### Whining arguments

Choose your team, the code will present simple but fun data that will help you argue against/for your team. Stats in this page include information like average time between a goal for team A and a penalty call against Team A.

## When will it be done?

When I get around to it.
